Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-8120.mdx

releaseDate: '2022-10-26'
version: 8.12.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-8.12.0.gem'

> features: ["New support for Elasticsearch instrumentation", "Custom event limit increases from 1000 to 3000 events per minute"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["New support for Elasticsearch instrumentation", "Default custom event limit increases from 1000 to 3000 events per minute"]
```

> features: ["New support for Elasticsearch instrumentation", "Default custom event limit increases from 1000 to 3000 events per minute"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Add Elasticsearch instrumentation", "Default custom event limit increases from 1000 to 3000 events per minute"]
```
